.32 Colt (2)	 Guardian	2	Asset	 	Item. Weapon. Firearm.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 1	
"Eat lead!"	 Guardian	0	Event	 	Tactic.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 2	
Logical Reasoning (3)	 Seeker	2	Event	  	Insight.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 3	
Archaic Glyphs: Markings of Isis (2)	 Seeker	2	Asset	 	Spell.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 4	
Stealth (2)	 Rogue	2	Asset	 	Talent.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 5	
Suggestion (0)	 Rogue	3	Asset		Spell.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 6	
Alchemical Transmutation (1)	 Mystic	0	Asset	 	Spell.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 7	
Storm of Spirits (2)	 Mystic	3	Event	  	Spell.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 8	
Lantern (1)	 Survivor	1	Asset	 	Item. Tool.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 9	
Gravedigger's Shovel (1)	 Survivor	1	Asset	 	Item. Tool. Weapon. Melee.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 10	
Unspeakable Oath (Bloodthirst)	Neutral		Treachery		Madness. Pact.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 11	
Unspeakable Oath (Curiosity)	Neutral		Treachery		Madness. Pact.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 12	
Unspeakable Oath (Cowardice)	Neutral		Treachery		Madness. Pact.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 13	
Return to Curtain Call	Mythos		Scenario		Return.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 13	Return to Curtain Call 1
The Stranger	Mythos		Act			Return to the Path to Carcosa 14	Return to Curtain Call 2
The Stranger	Mythos		Act			Return to the Path to Carcosa 15	Return to Curtain Call 3
The Stranger	Mythos		Act			Return to the Path to Carcosa 16	Return to Curtain Call 4
Theatre Lounge	Mythos		Location		Private.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 17	Return to Curtain Call 5
Prop Shop	Mythos		Location		Private.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 18	Return to Curtain Call 6
La Comtesse: Subverter of Plans	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Servitor.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 20	Return to Curtain Call 7
Return to The Last King	Mythos		Scenario		Return.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 20	Return to The Last King 1
Better Never Than Late	Mythos		Agenda			Return to the Path to Carcosa 21	Return to The Last King 2
Crazed Guest	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Monster. Lunatic.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 23	Return to The Last King 4-5
Dianne Devine: Knows What You're Up To	Mythos		Enemy		Monster. Cultist. Lunatic. Elite.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 23	Return to The Last King 3
Dianne Devine: Hiding an Oath Unspoken	Neutral		Asset		Cultist.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 25	Return to The Last King 6
Party Guest	Neutral		Asset			Return to the Path to Carcosa 25	Return to The Last King 7-8
Shocking Display	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 26	Return to The Last King 9
Return to Echoes of the Past	Mythos		Scenario		Return.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 27	Return to Echoes of the Past 1
Quiet Halls	Mythos		Location		Basement.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 28	Return to Echoes of the Past 2
Historical Society: Dusty Archives	Mythos		Location		Basement. Passageway.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 30	Return to Echoes of the Past 3
Historical Society: Museum Storage	Mythos		Location		Basement. Passageway.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 31	Return to Echoes of the Past 4
Historical Society: Boiler Room	Mythos		Location		Basement.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 32	Return to Echoes of the Past 5
Keeper of the Oath	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Cultist.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 32	Return to Echoes of the Past 6-7
Return to The Unspeakable Oath	Mythos		Scenario		Return.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 34	Return to The Unspeakable Oath 1
"The Really Bad Ones" (v. III)	Mythos		Act			Return to the Path to Carcosa 34	Return to The Unspeakable Oath 2
"The Really Bad Ones" (v. IV)	Mythos		Act			Return to the Path to Carcosa 35	Return to The Unspeakable Oath 3
Host of Insanity	Mythos		Enemy		Avatar. Elite.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 36	Return to The Unspeakable Oath 4
Radical Treatment	Mythos		Treachery			Return to the Path to Carcosa 37	Return to The Unspeakable Oath 5
Clouded Memory	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 38	Return to The Unspeakable Oath 6
Return to A Phantom of Truth	Mythos		Scenario		Return.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 39	Return to A Phantom of Truth 1
Montparnasse	Mythos		Location		Paris. Rail.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 40	Return to A Phantom of Truth 2
Grand Guignol: Theatre of the Great Puppet	Mythos		Location		Paris.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 42	Return to A Phantom of Truth 3
Père Lachaise Cemetery	Mythos		Location		Paris.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 42	Return to A Phantom of Truth 4
Canal Saint-Martin	Mythos		Location		Paris.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 43	Return to A Phantom of Truth 5
Notre-Dame	Mythos		Location		Paris. Rail.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 44	Return to A Phantom of Truth 6
Gardens of Luxembourg	Mythos		Location		Paris.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 45	Return to A Phantom of Truth 7
Figure in the Shadows	Mythos		Treachery		Scheme.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 46	Return to A Phantom of Truth 8-9
Return to The Pallid Mask	Mythos		Scenario		Return.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 47	Return to The Pallid Mask 1
Secret Passage	Mythos		Location			Return to the Path to Carcosa 48	Return to The Pallid Mask 2
Mound of Bones	Mythos		Location			Return to the Path to Carcosa 49	Return to The Pallid Mask 3
Research Site	Mythos		Location			Return to the Path to Carcosa 50	Return to The Pallid Mask 4
Sea of Skulls	Mythos		Location			Return to the Path to Carcosa 51	Return to The Pallid Mask 5
Malformed Skeleton	Mythos		Enemy		Monster.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 52	Return to The Pallid Mask 6
Return to Black Stars Rise	Mythos		Scenario		Return.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 53	Return to Black Stars Rise 1
Cloister	Mythos		Location			Return to the Path to Carcosa 54	Return to Black Stars Rise 2
Knight's Hall	Mythos		Location			Return to the Path to Carcosa 55	Return to Black Stars Rise 3
Hastur's Gaze	Mythos		Treachery			Return to the Path to Carcosa 56	Return to Black Stars Rise 4
Hastur's Grasp	Mythos		Treachery			Return to the Path to Carcosa 57	Return to Black Stars Rise 5
Return to Dim Carcosa	Mythos		Scenario		Return.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 58	Return to Dim Carcosa 1
Palace of the King: Hastur’s Domain	Mythos		Location		Otherworld.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 60	Return to Dim Carcosa 2
Recesses of Your Own Mind	Mythos		Location		???.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 60	Return to Dim Carcosa 3
The Throne Room	Mythos		Location		Otherworld.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 61	Return to Dim Carcosa 4
Stage of the Ward Theatre	Mythos		Location			Return to the Path to Carcosa 62	Return to Dim Carcosa 5
High Priest of Hastur	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Cultist. Elite.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 64	Return to Dim Carcosa 6
Delusory Evils	Mythos		Treachery		Curse.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 64	Delusory Evils 1-3
Bleeding Walls	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 65	Decaying Reality 1-2
Fragile Thoughts	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 66	Decaying Reality 3-4
Maggot Swarm	Mythos		Enemy		Creature.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 67	Decaying Reality 5-6
Preying Byakhee	Mythos		Enemy		Monster. Byakhee.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 68	Hastur's Envoys 1-2
The Sign of Hastur	Mythos		Treachery		Pact. Power.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 69	Hastur's Envoys 3-4
Visions in Your Mind (Horrors)	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 71	Maddening Delusions 1
Visions in Your Mind (Failure)	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 72	Maddening Delusions 2
Visions in Your Mind (Death)	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 73	Maddening Delusions 3
Visions in Your Mind (Hatred)	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 74	Maddening Delusions 4
Maddening Delusions	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 74	Maddening Delusions 5-6
Voice of Tru'nembra	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 75	Neurotic Fear 1-3
Melancholy	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 76	Neurotic Fear 4-5
Painful Reflection	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Path to Carcosa 77	Neurotic Fear 6-7