Physical Training (2)	 Guardian	0	Asset	   	Talent.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 1	
Dynamite Blast (2)	 Guardian	4	Event	 	Tactic.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 2	
Hyperawareness (2)	 Seeker	0	Asset	   	Talent.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 3	
Barricade (3)	 Seeker	0	Event	  	Insight. Tactic.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 4	
Hard Knocks (2)	 Rogue	0	Asset	   	Talent.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 5	
Hot Streak (2)	 Rogue	5	Event		Fortune.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 6	
Arcane Studies (2)	 Mystic	0	Asset	   	Talent.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 7	
Mind Wipe (3)	 Mystic	1	Event	 	Spell.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 8	
Dig Deep (2)	 Survivor	0	Asset	   	Talent.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 9	
Rabbit's Foot (3)	 Survivor	1	Asset		Item. Charm.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 10	
Return to The Gathering	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Night of the Zealot 11	Return to the Gathering 1
Mysterious Gateway	Mythos		Act			Return to the Night of the Zealot 12	Return to the Gathering 2
Study: Aberrant Gateway	Mythos		Location			Return to the Night of the Zealot 13	Return to the Gathering 3
Guest Hall	Mythos		Location			Return to the Night of the Zealot 14	Return to the Gathering 4
Bedroom	Mythos		Location			Return to the Night of the Zealot 15	Return to the Gathering 5
Bathroom	Mythos		Location			Return to the Night of the Zealot 16	Return to the Gathering 6
Hallway	Mythos		Location			Return to the Night of the Zealot 17	Return to the Gathering 7
Attic	Mythos		Location			Return to the Night of the Zealot 18	Return to the Gathering 8
Field of Graves	Mythos		Location			Return to the Night of the Zealot 19	Return to the Gathering 9
Cellar	Mythos		Location			Return to the Night of the Zealot 20	Return to the Gathering 10
Ghoul Pits	Mythos		Location			Return to the Night of the Zealot 21	Return to the Gathering 11
Corpse-Hungry Ghoul	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Monster. Ghoul.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 22	Return to the Gathering 12
Ghoul from the Depths	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Monster. Ghoul.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 23	Return to the Gathering 13
The Zealot's Seal	Mythos		Treachery		Hex.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 24	Return to the Gathering 15-16
Return to The Midnight Masks	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Night of the Zealot 25	Return to the Midnight Masks 1
Narôgath: The Charnel Lord	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Monster. Cultist. Elite.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 26	Return to the Midnight Masks 2
Predator or Prey?	Mythos		Agenda			Return to the Night of the Zealot 26	Return to the Midnight Masks 2
Easttown: Arkham Police Station	Mythos		Location		Arkham.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 27	Return to the Midnight Masks 3
Northside: Train Station	Mythos		Location		Arkham.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 28	Return to the Midnight Masks 4
Miskatonic University: Miskatonic Museum	Mythos		Location		Arkham.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 29	Return to the Midnight Masks 5
Rivertown: Abandoned Warehouse	Mythos		Location		Arkham. Central.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 30	Return to the Midnight Masks 6
Masked Horrors	Mythos		Treachery		Power. Scheme.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 31	Return to the Midnight Masks 7-8
Return to The Devourer Below	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Night of the Zealot 32	Return to the Devourer Below 1
Vault of Earthly Demise	Mythos		Treachery		Eldritch. Otherworld.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 32	Return to the Devourer Below 1
Arkham Woods: Great Willow	Mythos		Location		Woods.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 33	Return to the Devourer Below 2
Arkham Woods: Lakeside	Mythos		Location		Woods.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 34	Return to the Devourer Below 3
Arkham Woods: Corpse-Ridden Clearing	Mythos		Location		Woods.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 35	Return to the Devourer Below 4
Arkham Woods: Wooden Bridge	Mythos		Location		Woods.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 36	Return to the Devourer Below 5
Umôrdhoth's Hunger	Mythos		Treachery		Power.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 37	Return to the Devourer Below 6-7
Grave-Eater	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Monster. Ghoul.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 38	Ghouls of Umôrdhoth 1-3
Acolyte of Umôrdhoth	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Monster. Ghoul.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 39	Ghouls of Umôrdhoth 4
Chill from Below	Mythos		Treachery		Hazard.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 40	Ghouls of Umôrdhoth 5-7
Disciple of the Devourer	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Cultist.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 41	The Devourers Cult 1-3
Corpse-Taker	Mythos		Enemy		Monster. Servitor. Cultist.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 42	The Devourers Cult 4
Mask of Umôrdhoth	Mythos		Treachery		Item. Mask.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 43	The Devourers Cult 5-6
Jeremiah Pierce: Your Next-Door Neighbor	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Cultist.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 44	Return Cult of Umôrdhoth 1
Billy Cooper: The Crooked Cop	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Cultist.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 45	Return Cult of Umôrdhoth 2
Alma Hill: The Inquisitive Historian	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Cultist.	Return to the Night of the Zealot 46	Return Cult of Umôrdhoth 3