Blood Eclipse (1)	 Guardian	1	Event	 	Spell. Spirit.	Return to the Forgotten Age 1	
Survival Knife (2)	 Guardian	2	Asset	 	Item. Weapon. Melee.	Return to the Forgotten Age 2	
Truth from Fiction (2)	 Seeker	1	Event	  	Insight.	Return to the Forgotten Age 3	
Ancient Stone: Transient Thoughts (4)	 Seeker	2	Asset	 	Item. Relic.	Return to the Forgotten Age 4	
Decorated Skull: Doom Begets Doom (3)	 Rogue	0	Asset	 	Item. Relic. Cursed.	Return to the Forgotten Age 5	
Colt Vest Pocket (2)	 Rogue	2	Asset	 	Item. Weapon. Firearm. Illicit.	Return to the Forgotten Age 6	
Mists of R'lyeh (2)	 Mystic	2	Asset		Spell.	Return to the Forgotten Age 7	
The Chthonian Stone: Stygian Waymark (2)	 Mystic	2	Asset	 	Item. Relic. Cursed.	Return to the Forgotten Age 8	
Alter Fate (1)	 Survivor	3	Event	 	Spell. Blessed.	Return to the Forgotten Age 9	
On Your Own (3)	 Survivor		Asset		Talent.	Return to the Forgotten Age 10	
Backpack (2)	Neutral	1	Asset	 	Item.	Return to the Forgotten Age 11	
Dendromorphosis: "Natural" Transformation	Neutral		Asset		Curse. Flora.	Return to the Forgotten Age 12	
Offer You Cannot Refuse	Neutral		Treachery		Pact.	Return to the Forgotten Age 12	
Fine Print	Neutral		Treachery		Pact.	Return to the Forgotten Age 13	
Sell Your Soul	Neutral		Treachery		Pact.	Return to the Forgotten Age 14	
Return to The Untamed Wilds	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Forgotten Age 15	Return to the Untamed Wilds 1
Return to The Doom of Eztli	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Forgotten Age 16	Return to the Doom of Eztli 1
Harbinger of Valusia: The Sleeper Returns	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Monster. Serpent. Elite.	Return to the Forgotten Age 18	Return to the Doom of Eztli 2
Entryway: Rearranged by Time	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Ruins.	Return to the Forgotten Age 19	Return to the Doom of Eztli 3
Sealed Passage	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Ruins.	Return to the Forgotten Age 19	Return to the Doom of Eztli 4
Mosaic Chamber	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Ruins.	Return to the Forgotten Age 20	Return to the Doom of Eztli 5
Tomb of the Ancients	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Ruins.	Return to the Forgotten Age 21	Return to the Doom of Eztli 6
Throne Room	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Ruins.	Return to the Forgotten Age 22	Return to the Doom of Eztli 7
Snake Pit	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Ruins.	Return to the Forgotten Age 23	Return to the Doom of Eztli 8
Ancient Hall: Rearranged by Time	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Ruins.	Return to the Forgotten Age 25	Return to the Doom of Eztli 9
Grand Chamber: Rearranged by Time	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Ruins.	Return to the Forgotten Age 26	Return to the Doom of Eztli 10
Chamber of Time: Rearranged by Time	Mythos		Location		Forgotten. Ruins.	Return to the Forgotten Age 27	Return to the Doom of Eztli 11
Return to Threads of Fate	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Forgotten Age 27	Return to Threads of Fate 1
Search for the Meaning	Mythos		Act			Return to the Forgotten Age 28	Return to Threads of Fate 2
Search for the Source	Mythos		Act			Return to the Forgotten Age 29	Return to Threads of Fate 3
The Overgrown Estate	Mythos		Act			Return to the Forgotten Age 30	Return to Threads of Fate 4
The Overgrown Estate	Mythos		Act			Return to the Forgotten Age 31	Return to Threads of Fate 5
Seeking Trouble	Mythos		Act			Return to the Forgotten Age 32	Return to Threads of Fate 6
Seeking Trouble	Mythos		Act			Return to the Forgotten Age 33	Return to Threads of Fate 7
Discover the Truth	Mythos		Act			Return to the Forgotten Age 34	Return to Threads of Fate 8
Impossible Pursuit	Mythos		Act			Return to the Forgotten Age 35	Return to Threads of Fate 9
Veda Whitsley: Skilled Botanist	Neutral	0	Asset	   	Ally. Wayfarer.	Return to the Forgotten Age 37	Return to Threads of Fate 10
Return to The Boundary Beyond	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Forgotten Age 37	Return to the Boundary Beyond 1
Temple Ruins	Mythos		Location		Mexico City. Present-Day.	Return to the Forgotten Age 38	Return to the Boundary Beyond 2
Metropolitan Cathedral	Mythos		Location		Mexico City. Present-Day.	Return to the Forgotten Age 40	Return to the Boundary Beyond 3
Chapultepec Park	Mythos		Location		Mexico City. Present-Day.	Return to the Forgotten Age 41	Return to the Boundary Beyond 4
Zócalo	Mythos		Location		Mexico City. Present-Day.	Return to the Forgotten Age 41	Return to the Boundary Beyond 5
Xochimilco	Mythos		Location		Mexico City. Present-Day.	Return to the Forgotten Age 42	Return to the Boundary Beyond 6
Coyoacán	Mythos		Location		Mexico City. Present-Day.	Return to the Forgotten Age 43	Return to the Boundary Beyond 7
Return to Heart of the Elders, Part 0	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Forgotten Age 45	Return to Pillars of Judgment 1
A Familiar Pattern	Mythos		Act			Return to the Forgotten Age 45	Return to Pillars of Judgment 2
Feathered Serpent	Mythos		Enemy		Creature. Serpent.	Return to the Forgotten Age 46	Return to Pillars of Judgment 3-4
Return to Heart of the Elders, Part 1	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Forgotten Age 48	Return to K'n-yan 1
Ruins of K'n-yan	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Cave. Ruins.	Return to the Forgotten Age 48	Return to K'n-yan 2
Subterranean Swamp	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Cave.	Return to the Forgotten Age 49	Return to K'n-yan 3
Chthonian Depths	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Cave.	Return to the Forgotten Age 50	Return to K'n-yan 4
Treacherous Descent	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Cave.	Return to the Forgotten Age 51	Return to K'n-yan 5
Return to The City of Archives	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Forgotten Age 52	Return to the City of Archives 1
Unrestricted Access	Mythos		Act			Return to the Forgotten Age 53	Return to the City of Archives 2
Halls of Pnakotus: Southern Corridors	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Pnakotus.	Return to the Forgotten Age 55	Return to the City of Archives 3
Cyclopean Vaults	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Pnakotus.	Return to the Forgotten Age 55	Return to the City of Archives 4
Alien Conservatory	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Pnakotus.	Return to the Forgotten Age 56	Return to the City of Archives 5
Captive Subjects	Mythos		Enemy		Monster.	Return to the Forgotten Age 57	Return to the City of Archives 6-7
Return to The Depths of Yoth	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Forgotten Age 58	Return to the Depths of Yoth 1
Perils of Yoth	Mythos		Treachery		Hazard.	Return to the Forgotten Age 59	Return to the Depths of Yoth 2
Return to Shattered Aeons	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Forgotten Age 60	Return to Shattered Aeons 1
Great Hall of Celeano	Mythos		Location		Shattered.	Return to the Forgotten Age 61	Return to Shattered Aeons 2
Buenos Aires	Mythos		Location		Shattered.	Return to the Forgotten Age 62	Return to Shattered Aeons 3
Ultima Thule	Mythos		Location		Shattered.	Return to the Forgotten Age 63	Return to Shattered Aeons 4
Unknowable Past	Mythos		Treachery		Hex.	Return to the Forgotten Age 64	Return to Shattered Aeons 5-6
Return to Turn Back Time	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Forgotten Age 65	Return to Turn Back Time 1
Riverside Temple	Mythos		Location		Ancient. Jungle.	Return to the Forgotten Age 66	Return to the Rainforest 1
Waterfall	Mythos		Location		Jungle.	Return to the Forgotten Age 67	Return to the Rainforest 2
Trail of the Dead	Mythos		Location		Jungle.	Return to the Forgotten Age 68	Return to the Rainforest 3
Cloud Forest	Mythos		Location		Jungle.	Return to the Forgotten Age 69	Return to the Rainforest 4
Brotherhood Acolyte	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Cultist.	Return to the Forgotten Age 70	Cult of Pnakotus 1-3
Stolen Mind	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Cultist.	Return to the Forgotten Age 71	Cult of Pnakotus 4
From Another Time	Mythos		Treachery		Scheme.	Return to the Forgotten Age 72	Cult of Pnakotus 5-6
Resentful Wilds	Mythos		Treachery		Hazard.	Return to the Forgotten Age 73	Doomed Expedition 1-2
Best-Laid Plans	Mythos		Treachery		Blunder.	Return to the Forgotten Age 74	Doomed Expedition 3-5
Merging Timelines	Mythos		Treachery		Hex.	Return to the Forgotten Age 75	Temporal Hunters 1-3
Tindalos Alpha	Mythos		Enemy		Monster. Extradimensional. Tindalos.	Return to the Forgotten Age 77	Temporal Hunters 4-5
Vengeful Serpent	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Monster. Serpent.	Return to the Forgotten Age 78	Venomous Hate 1-3
Serpent Guardian	Mythos		Enemy		Construct. Serpent.	Return to the Forgotten Age 78	Venomous Hate 4
Wrath of Yig	Mythos		Treachery		Power.	Return to the Forgotten Age 79	Venomous Hate 5