Bandolier (1)	 Guardian	2	Asset	 	Item.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 1	
Blackjack (1)	 Guardian	2	Asset	 	Item. Weapon. Melee.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 2	
Preposterous Sketches (1)	 Seeker	0	Event	 	Insight.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 3	
Strange Solution: Empowering Elixir (3)	 Seeker	1	Asset	 	Item. Science.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 4	
Contraband (1)	 Rogue	3	Event	  	Supply. Illicit.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 5	
Think on Your Feet (1)	 Rogue	0	Event	  	Trick.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 6	
Rite of Seeking (1)	 Mystic	4	Asset		Spell.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 7	
Clarity of Mind (2)	 Mystic	2	Asset	 	Spell.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 8	
Oops! (1)	 Survivor	2	Event	  	Fortune.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 9	
Rise to the Occasion (2)	 Survivor		Skill	 	Innate.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 10	
Through the Gates	Neutral		Treachery		Pact. Mystery.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 10	
Return to Extracurricular Activities	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Dunwich Legacy 11	Return to Extracurricular Activity 1
Warren Observatory	Mythos		Location		Miskatonic.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 12	Return to Extracurricular Activity 2
Enthralled Security Guard	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Abomination.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 14	Return to Extracurricular Activity 3-4
Return to The House Always Wins	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Dunwich Legacy 14	Return to The House Always Wins 1
Clover Club Lounge	Mythos		Location		Clover Club.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 15	Return to The House Always Wins 2
Clover Club Stage	Mythos		Location		Clover Club.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 16	Return to The House Always Wins 3
Caught Cheating	Mythos		Treachery		Illicit.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 17	Return to The House Always Wins 4-5
Raise the Stakes	Mythos		Treachery		Illicit.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 18	Return to The House Always Wins 6-7
Return to The Miskatonic Museum	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Dunwich Legacy 19	Return to The Miskatonic Museum 1
Exhibit Hall: Medieval Exhibit	Mythos		Location		Miskatonic. Exhibit.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 21	Return to The Miskatonic Museum 2
Exhibit Hall: The Archives	Mythos		Location		Miskatonic. Exhibit.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 22	Return to The Miskatonic Museum 3
Dark Bidding	Mythos		Treachery		Power.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 22	Return to The Miskatonic Museum 4-5
Night Beyond Void	Mythos		Treachery		Power.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 23	Return to The Miskatonic Museum 6-7
Return to The Essex County Express	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Dunwich Legacy 24	Return to The Essex County Express 1
The Conductor: Beast from beyond the Gate	Mythos		Enemy		Monster. Elite.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 26	Return to The Essex County Express 2
Where There's Smoke	Mythos		Agenda			Return to the Dunwich Legacy 25	Return to The Essex County Express 2
A Tear in Reality (v.II)	Mythos		Agenda			Return to the Dunwich Legacy 26	Return to The Essex County Express 3
Engine Car	Mythos		Location		Train.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 27	Return to The Essex County Express 4
Freight Car	Mythos		Location		Train.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 28	Return to The Essex County Express 5
Baggage Car	Mythos		Location		Train.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 29	Return to The Essex County Express 6
Engineer	Neutral		Asset		Ally. Bystander.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 30	Return to The Essex County Express 7
Return to Blood on the Altar	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Dunwich Legacy 31	Return to Blood on the Altar 1
Village Commons: Silent Decay	Mythos		Location		Dunwich. Central.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 33	Return to Blood on the Altar 2
Bishop's Brook	Mythos		Location		Dunwich.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 33	Return to Blood on the Altar 3
Burned Ruins	Mythos		Location		Dunwich.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 34	Return to Blood on the Altar 4
Osborn's General Store	Mythos		Location		Dunwich.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 35	Return to Blood on the Altar 5
Congregational Church	Mythos		Location		Dunwich.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 36	Return to Blood on the Altar 6
House in the Reeds	Mythos		Location		Dunwich.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 37	Return to Blood on the Altar 7
Schoolhouse	Mythos		Location		Dunwich.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 38	Return to Blood on the Altar 8
Hired Gun	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Criminal. Syndicate.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 39	Return to Blood on the Altar 9-10
Return to Undimensioned and Unseen	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Dunwich Legacy 40	Return to Undimensioned and Unseen 1
Brood of Yog-Sothoth: Charging Beast	Mythos		Enemy		Monster. Abomination.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 42	Return to Undimensioned and Unseen 2
Brood of Yog-Sothoth: Swelling Devourer	Mythos		Enemy		Monster. Abomination.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 43	Return to Undimensioned and Unseen 3
Brood of Yog-Sothoth: Thrashing Spawn	Mythos		Enemy		Monster. Abomination.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 44	Return to Undimensioned and Unseen 4
Brood of Yog-Sothoth: Amorphous Terror	Mythos		Enemy		Monster. Abomination.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 45	Return to Undimensioned and Unseen 5
Imperceptible Creature	Mythos		Treachery		Power.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 45	Return to Undimensioned and Unseen 6-7
Return to Where Doom Awaits	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Dunwich Legacy 46	Return to Where Doom Awaits 1
Base of the Hill: Warped and Twisted	Mythos		Location		Dunwich. Sentinel Hill.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 48	Return to Where Doom Awaits 2
Ascending Path: Warped and Twisted	Mythos		Location		Dunwich. Sentinel Hill.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 49	Return to Where Doom Awaits 3
Abandoned Camp	Mythos		Location		Dunwich. Woods.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 49	Return to Where Doom Awaits 4
Fathomless Lake	Mythos		Location		Dunwich. Woods. Altered.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 51	Return to Where Doom Awaits 5
Naomi O'Bannion: Ruthless Tactician	Neutral	4	Asset	   	Ally. Criminal. Syndicate.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 52	Return to Where Doom Awaits 6
Return to Lost in Time and Space	Mythos		Scenario			Return to the Dunwich Legacy 52	Return to Lost in Time and Space 1
Breaking Through (v. II)	Mythos		Agenda			Return to the Dunwich Legacy 53	Return to Lost in Time and Space 2
Into the Beyond (v. II)	Mythos		Act			Return to the Dunwich Legacy 54	Return to Lost in Time and Space 3
Seth Bishop: Thrall of Yog-Sothoth	Mythos		Enemy		Humanoid. Monster. Abomination. Elite.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 56	Return to Lost in Time and Space 4
Realms Beyond: All-In-One	Mythos		Location		Otherworld.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 56	Return to Lost in Time and Space 5
Indecipherable Stairs	Mythos		Location		Otherworld. Extradimensional.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 58	Return to Lost in Time and Space 6
Towering Luminosity	Mythos		Location		Otherworld. Extradimensional.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 59	Return to Lost in Time and Space 7
Unstable Vortex	Mythos		Location		Otherworld. Extradimensional.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 60	Return to Lost in Time and Space 8
Haunting Recollections	Mythos		Treachery		Hex.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 60	Beyond the Threshold 1-2
A Baleful Welcome	Mythos		Treachery		Hex.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 61	Beyond the Threshold 3-4
Infinite Doorway	Mythos		Treachery		Hex.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 62	Beyond the Threshold 5-6
Resurgent Evils	Mythos		Treachery		Omen.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 63	Resurgent Evils 1-3
Secret Door	Mythos		Treachery		Obstacle.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 64	Secret Doors 1-2
Inexplicable Cold	Mythos		Treachery		Hazard.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 65	Creeping Cold 1-2
Oppressive Mists	Mythos		Treachery		Hazard.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 66	Creeping Cold 3-4
Violent Commands	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 67	Erratic Fear 1-2
Idle Hands	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 68	Erratic Fear 3-4
Need for Knowledge	Mythos		Treachery		Terror.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 69	Erratic Fear 5-7
Vassal of the Lurker	Mythos		Enemy		Monster. Abomination.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 71	Yog-Sothoth's Emissaries 1-2
Eldritch Accord	Mythos		Treachery		Pact.	Return to the Dunwich Legacy 71	Yog-Sothoth's Emissaries 3-4